return me the homepage of PVLDB.
return me the homepage of "H. V. Jagadish".
return me the abstract of "Making database systems usable".
return me the year of "Making database systems usable"
return me the papers after 2000.
return me the homepage of the VLDB conference.
return me all the keywords.
return me all the organizations.
return me all the organizations in "North America".
return me the homepage of "University of Michigan".
return me the number of references of "Making database systems usable".
return me the number of citations of "Making database systems usable".
return me the year of "Making database systems usable".
return me the paper with more than 200 citations.
return me the authors who have papers in PVLDB 2010.
return me the authors who have papers in PVLDB after 2010.
return me the authors who have papers in VLDB conference in 2002.
return me the authors who have papers in VLDB conference before 2002.
return me the authors who have papers in VLDB conference before 2002 after 1995.
return me the authors who have papers in VLDB conference before 1995 or after 2002.
return me the area of PVLDB.
return me the authors who have papers in PVLDB.
return me the organization "H. V. Jagadish" is in.
return me the conferences, which have papers by "H. V. Jagadish".
return me the journals, which have papers by "H. V. Jagadish".
return me the domain where "H. V. Jagadish" is focused.
return me the authors of "Making database systems usable".
return me the conference, which published "Making database systems usable".
return me the references of "Making database systems usable".
return me the citations of "Making database systems usable".
return me the papers by "H. V. Jagadish".
return me the papers on VLDB conference.
return me the papers on PVLDB.
return me the papers on PVLDB after 2000.
return me the papers on VLDB conference after 2000.
return me the papers by "H. V. Jagadish" on PVLDB.
return me the papers by "H. V. Jagadish" on VLDB conference.
return me the papers by "H. V. Jagadish" after 2000.
return me the papers by "H. V. Jagadish" on PVLDB after 2000.
return me the papers by "H. V. Jagadish" on VLDB conference after 2000.
return me the area of the VLDB conference.
return me the authors who have papers in the VLDB conference.
return me all the keywords in Databases area.
return me all the papers, which contain the keyword "Natural Language".
return me the keywords of "Making database systems usable".
return me the keywords related to "H. V. Jagadish".
return me the keywords in VLDB conference.
return me the keywords in PVLDB.
return me the keywords in the papers of "University of Michigan".
return me the papers of "H. V. Jagadish" containing keyword "User Study".
return me the papers in PVLDB containing keyword "Keyword search".
return me the papers in VLDB conference containing keyword "Information Retrieval".
return me the authors who have papers containing keyword "Relational Database".
return me all the organizations in Databases area.
return me all the organizations in Databases area located in "North America".
return me all the researchers in "University of Michigan".
return me all the researchers in Databases area in "University of Michigan".
return me all the papers in "University of Michigan".
return me all the papers after 2000 in "University of Michigan".
return me all the papers in VLDB conference in "University of Michigan".
return me all the papers in PVLDB in "University of Michigan".
return me all the papers in VLDB after 2000 in "University of Michigan".
return me all the papers in PVLDB after 2000 in "University of Michigan".
return me the paper in Databases area with more than 200 citations.
return me the paper in PVLDB with more than 200 citations.
return me the paper in VLDB conference with more than 200 citations.
return me the paper by "H. V. Jagadish" with more than 200 citations.
return me the papers by "H. V. Jagadish" on PVLDB with more than 200 citations.
return me the papers by "H. V. Jagadish" on VLDB conference with more than 200 citations.
return me the paper after 2000 with more than 200 citations.
return me the paper after 2000 in Databases area with more than 200 citations.
return me the paper after 2000 in PVLDB with more than 200 citations.
return me the paper after 2000 in VLDB conference with more than 200 citations.
return me the number of conferences which have papers by "H. V. Jagadish".
return me the number of journals which have papers by "H. V. Jagadish".
return me the number of papers written by "H. V. Jagadish" in each year.
return me the number of authors of "Making database systems usable".
return me the number of citations of "Making database systems usable" in each year.
return me the number of citations of "Making database systems usable" before 2010.
return me the number of papers by "H. V. Jagadish".
return me the number of papers on VLDB conference.
return me the number of papers on PVLDB.
return me the number of papers after 2000.
return me the number of papers on PVLDB after 2000.
return me the number of papers on VLDB conference after 2000.
return me the number of papers by "H. V. Jagadish" on PVLDB.
return me the number of papers by "H. V. Jagadish" on VLDB conference.
return me the number of papers by "H. V. Jagadish" after 2000.
return me the number of papers by "H. V. Jagadish" on PVLDB after 2000.
return me the number of papers by "H. V. Jagadish" on VLDB conference after 2000.
return me the number of keywords.
return me the number of keywords in Databases area.
return me the number of papers which contain the keyword "Natural Language".
return me the number of the keywords of "Making database systems usable".
return me the number of the keywords related to "H. V. Jagadish".
return me the number of keywords in VLDB conference.
return me the number of keywords in PVLDB.
return me the number of keywords in the papers of "University of Michigan".
return me the number of the papers of "H. V. Jagadish" containing keyword "User Study".
return me the number of papers in PVLDB containing keyword "Keyword search".
return me the number of papers in VLDB conference containing keyword "Information Retrieval".
return me the number of authors who have papers containing keyword "Relational Database".
return me the total citations of the papers containing keyword "Natural Language"
return me the number of the organizations.
return me the number of the organizations in "North America".
return me the number of organizations in Databases area.
return me the number of organizations in Databases area located in "North America".
return me the number of papers in "University of Michigan".
return me the number of papers in "University of Michigan" in Databases area.
return me the number of papers after 2000 in "University of Michigan".
return me the number of papers in VLDB conference in "University of Michigan".
return me the number of papers in PVLDB in "University of Michigan".
return me the number of papers in VLDB after 2000 in "University of Michigan".
return me the number of papers in PVLDB after 2000 in "University of Michigan".
return me the total citations of the papers in "University of Michigan".
return me the number of researchers in "University of Michigan".
return me the number of researchers in Databases area in "University of Michigan".
return me the number of authors who have papers in PVLDB.
return me the number of authors who have papers in the VLDB conference.
return me the number of papers published on PVLDB before 2000.
return me the number of papers published in the VLDB conference before 2000.
return me the total citations of all the papers in PVLDB.
return me the citations of each paper in PVLDB.
return me the total citations of papers in PVLDB in 2005.
return me the total citations of papers in PVLDB before 2005.
return me the total citations of papers in PVLDB in each year.
return me the number of papers published in PVLDB in each year.
return me the total citations of all the papers in the VLDB conference.
return me the citations of each paper in the VLDB conference.
return me the total citations of papers in the VLDB conference in 2005.
return me the total citations of papers in the VLDB conference before 2005.
return me the total citations of papers in the VLDB conference in each year.
return me the number of papers published in the VLDB conference in each year.
return me the authors who have cooperated both with "H. V. Jagadish" and "Divesh Srivastava".
return me the authors who have cooperated with "H. V. Jagadish" or "Divesh Srivastava".
return me the authors who have cooperated with "H. V. Jagadish" after 2000.
return me the papers written by "H. V. Jagadish" and "Divesh Srivastava".
return me the papers written by "H. V. Jagadish" and "Yunyao Li" after 2005.
return me the papers written by "H. V. Jagadish" and "Yunyao Li" on PVLDB.
return me the papers written by "H. V. Jagadish" and "Yunyao Li" on PVLDB after 2005.
return me the authors who have cooperated with "H. V. Jagadish".
return me the papers written by "H. V. Jagadish" and "Divesh Srivastava" before 2000.
return me the authors who have cited the papers by "H. V. Jagadish".
return me the number of papers written by "H. V. Jagadish" and "Divesh Srivastava".
return me the number of papers written by "H. V. Jagadish" and "Divesh Srivastava" before 2000.
return me the number of papers written by "H. V. Jagadish", "Yunyao Li", and "Cong Yu".
return me the number of authors who have cooperated with "H. V. Jagadish".
return me the number of authors who have cited the papers by "H. V. Jagadish".
return me the papers written by "H. V. Jagadish" and "Divesh Srivastava" with more than 200 citations.
return me the author who has the most number of papers containing keyword "Relational Database".
return me the conference that has the most number of papers containing keyword "Relational Database".
return me the journal that has the most number of papers containing keyword "Relational Database".
return me the number of authors who have more than 10 papers containing keyword "Relational Database".
return me the number of the conferences, which have more than 60 papers containing keyword "Relational Database".
return me the number of the journals, which have more than 60 papers containing keyword "Relational Database".
return me the number of the authors who have more than 10 papers containing keyword "Relational Database".
return me the number of conferences, which have more than 60 papers containing keyword "Relational Database".
return me the number of journals, which have more than 60 papers containing keyword "Relational Database".
return me the number of keywords, which have been contained by more than 100 papers in VLDB conference.
return me the number of keywords, which have been contained by more than 100 papers in PVLDB.
return me the number of keywords, which have been contained by more than 10 papers of "H. V. Jagadish".
return me the keyword, which have been contained by the most number of papers in VLDB conference.
return me the keyword, which have been contained by the most number of papers in PVLDB.
return me the keyword, which have been contained by the most number of papers by "H. V. Jagadish".
return me the journal, which has the most number of papers containing keyword "Relational Database".
return me the conference, which has the most number of papers containing keyword "Relational Database".
return me the author who has the most number of papers containing keyword "Relational Database".
return me the author in the "University of Michigan" whose papers have the most total citations.
return me the author in the "University of Michigan" whose papers in Databases area have the most total citations.
return me the papers written by "H. V. Jagadish" and "Divesh Srivastava" with the most number of citations.
return me the conferences, which have more than 10 papers by "H. V. Jagadish".
return me the conference, which have the most number of papers by "H. V. Jagadish".
return me the journals, which have more than 10 papers by "H. V. Jagadish".
return me the journal, which have the most number of papers by "H. V. Jagadish".
return me the paper with the most citations.
return me the paper in Databases area with the most citations.
return me the paper in PVLDB with the most citations.
return me the paper in VLDB conference with the most citations.
return me the paper by "H. V. Jagadish" with the most citations.
return me the paper after 2000 with the most citations.
return me the paper after 2000 in Databases area with the most citations.
return me the paper after 2000 in PVLDB with the most citations.
return me the paper after 2000 in VLDB conference with the most citations.
return me the authors who have more than 10 papers in PVLDB.
return me the authors who have the most number of papers in PVLDB.
return me the authors who have more than 10 papers containing keyword "Relational Database".
return me the conferences, which have more than 60 papers containing keyword "Relational Database".
return me the journals, which have more than 60 papers containing keyword "Relational Database".
return me the keywords, which have been contained by more than 100 papers in VLDB conference.
return me the keywords, which have been contained by more than 100 papers in PVLDB.
return me the keywords, which have been contained by more than 10 papers of "H. V. Jagadish".
return me the authors who have more than 10 papers in the VLDB conference.
return me the author who has the most number of papers in the VLDB conference.
return me the authors who have more papers on VLDB than ICDE.
return me the author in the "University of Michigan" whose papers have more than 5000 total citations.
return me the author in the "University of Michigan" in Databases area whose papers have more than 5000 total citations.
